everyone watches the fabs the cops of this
way with sandpaper
let's go handle occupy the thousand daughter for
work with this one
fixed 1200 1500 and the last 2000 what
we are going to do is apply it from the mine
sand with water about two minutes and
passed at 1200 the same
procedure finish in finishing
each league is mine removes all
what is being the yellow of the
headlights while hundreds removed the
scratches from the mine and so they go up
get to the grade of Miss Na-2000 that
it is the finest you are to leave the
last finish to leave the headlights
totally
be clean and this and the last thing would be
polish it
I have here is wax that is the purchase
from here in the city
polish about 10 minutes for each bale
and they are as we see ourselves here now
is applied to wax and
procedure is already to give it a polish I'll
to try to record so they can see how it is
that are staying
and how can you see the first hand
the headlights are already much cleaner
he appreciates them and right now what can be done
do is apply another layer of wax and
this and that are more shiny this one
it's a bit opaque because the moment of
I painted the headlights
it was a bit open I have to open it
and cleaning it inside is not a little
opaque but
well here are the finished games
I recommend it to finish
final this
the arm just a suggestion at the moment
to apply this at the same time as
aplicas do not let it dry because if not
they will stain the lighthouse at the same
moment they remove or but look they give them a
finished super god
ah